# FEATURE

Our feature allows a user to watch videos virtually with other users 

## HOMEPAGE 

The homepage of Covey.Town remains the same as before. No updates/changes were made to the homepage experience or functionality. 

## AFTER CONNECTING TO A TOWN 

Upon connecting to a Town in Covey.Town, the user is presented with a slightly modified world map.In the top left corner of the map, in the white box, along with the previous instructions regarding using arrow keys to walk, it now mentions that walking into the TV area allows the user the ability to watch videos. The TV area is labeled on the map. If the user walks up on the path from the starting point, and then walks diagonally to the left once at the intersection, he/she will see a label denoting the TV area as well as a square, box-looking map icon, between the houses, representing the TV. When the user walks into the designated TV area, he/she is presented with a toast message regarding steps on how to watch videos.  

## ENTERING TV AREA 

Upon entering the TV area, the user is presented with a toast from the bottom of the screen with directions on how to watch the videos. To start watching videos, the user must scroll down on the web page until he/she sees a black YouTube player box as well as ‘Join Stream’ button. The YouTube player and ‘Join Stream’ button only appear on the web page if the user is in the TV Area. Clicking on the white play button on the YouTube player won’t allow the user to watch videos. The user must click “Join Stream” to start watching videos.  

If the user no longer wants to watch videos, at any time, the user just needs to walk away from the TV area on the world map. There is no need to pause the video or click any other button. Just move the user away from the TV area on the map until the YouTube video player and the list of videos to vote on are no longer visible on the web page. 

## AFTER CLICKING JOIN STREAM 

Once “Join Stream” is clicked, the YouTube player loads up and buttons appear below it for Play/Pause, Sync, and Mute/Unmute. The YouTube video will play a random video from a list of default videos if the users is the only one in the TV area. If there are others in the TV area, the user's video will be the video that everyone else in the TV Area is watching currently, loaded to the correct timestamp. NOTE: If the user joins a stream in which other users had their video paused then the new user’s video will have a white rotating loading symbol, but rest assured that the video is properly loaded up and anyone clicking play will play that user’s video from the correct spot. If you scroll down on the web page just a little, you will see the section called ‘Select a video to watch next’. Within this section, you will see a submit vote button and a table that contains a collection of various videos. Further down on the web page, after the table of videos, one can see a form where a user can submit a YouTube video URL for a new video they would like to add to the video collection to be able to vote on. Please see the following paragraphs for details into each of these different sections/parts. 

## YOUTUBE PLAYER and BUTTONS 

The YouTube Player is where the video plays. There are three buttons that accompany the player, as mentioned earlier: Play/Pause, Sync, and Mute/Unmute. When the user clicks on the Play/Pause button, it will pause the video if it is currently playing or play if the video is currently paused. By pressing the play/pause button, that action is not only reflected for the user but all the users in the TV Area. For example, the video will be paused for the user and everyone else. This is one of the goals of the video feature; the ability to watch videos together and this pause/play button helps accomplish this co-watching. Next to the Play/Pause button, is the Sync button. When clicked upon, everyone’s video is synced to the same time. This is useful in case someone’s video buffers and users need to synchronize again. Finally, the Mute/Unmute button, mutes the sound of the YouTube player for the user. It does not mute everyone else’s YouTube player sound. The YouTube player and buttons will allow the user to watch synchronous videos with other users on the same platform that they are video-chatting, thus helping achieve user story #1. The buttons, like play/pause and mute/unmute also enable the user to change the settings associated with their video so that they can adapt video-watching experience to their liking. This helps accomplish user story #3. 

## SELECTING NEXT VIDEO 

Within the ‘Select a video to watch next’ section, the user is presented with several video options in a table format. These video options contain a collection of preselected videos. If the user is not the first person in the TV area and other users have added other videos, the user will see those additional videos in the list as well. This is the list of videos the user can vote for as the next video to play in the YouTube Player. The user can look through the list, and when he/she finds a video they want to watch next, they can click the press the Play Next radio button. The button is to the left of the “P” in Play Next. Once the radio button is clicked, the user must submit their vote by clicking the “Submit vote” button above the collection of videos, to have their vote counted. The user must submit their vote for the next video before the current video playing ends. Also, the user can submit only one vote for the next video; after that the vote is submitted, the submit vote button is disabled. After voting, the YouTube player will play the highest voted video after the current video ends. If the user doesn’t click “Submit Vote”, the user’s vote is not counted. If the user is the only one in the TV area and doesn’t vote, the YouTube Player will play a random video from the default list after the current one. 

## SUBMITTING NEW VIDEO 

If there is a video that the user wants to watch and is not in the list of videos to choose from, he/she may add a new YouTube video. The video must be a YouTube video. In order to submit a new video, the user must submit the URL for the new YouTube video into the submission box and then click ‘Submit New Video’. The easiest way to do this, is to find the video you want to watch on YouTube.com and then copy/paste its URL into the submission box. Once the video is submitted, a toast message will pop up indicating whether the video was successfully added to the collection of video options or not. If successfully added, the user can scroll to the bottom of the video list to see their added video with the video’s title, channel, duration, and corresponding ‘Play Next’ voting button. This additional video option will also be added to the video list of every other user currently in the TV area as well. The user can then vote on this video option moving forward. The ability to select the next video and even submit a new video based on their preferences, helps in achieving user story #2, where the user can choose a video from a variety of options so that they can choose another one if uninterested in the current one. 